Grow up!Nah mean?
track Giga
Inferiority, superiority, BRING IT ON!
The greatest island, sleepless Japan.
Mathematica is so childish.
Even if I get busted,
I have no pride.
This pretense of elegance is setting off alarms,
simply observing is no fun. (It's boring)
Hey, bring on a more
superior mistake
and deal with your boredom.
Mommy, I don’t want it
Mommy, I don’t want it to end here
Mommy, I don’t want it to end here, after all.
It’s so tepid, it’s making me go crazy.
Goodbye to this child’s play drama.
You know,
I can’t stay like this forever.
Dun-dun-dun,
I’m going to become an adult
and taste the bitterness
and sweetness
of the world, now.
Pan-pan-pan,
times have changed.
It’s not just filled
with bad things
It’s not just filled with bad things, right?
Your past, sins,
punishments, everything
with those bare hands, with love,
survive and fix them!
We’re stirring things up
Don’t pay attention to that green girl all the time.
Now
When you do, you’ll pass.
It’s marked with a red pen.
Did I make a mistake somewhere?
Conformity when dealing
with alcohol, women, money, and XXXX (drugs).
Chill
It was a joke,
black comedy!
Situations that make me lift my middle finger
It happens too frequently there aren’t enough fingers, so
loser?
Bring it on
from the start!
I don’t need to hear “calm down.”
Before I die,
Before I die what I want is
to grow taller and blow a kiss
to my hometown.
The highlight of the show is from here on out,
so get ready!
Dan-dan-dan
we’ll become adults
and with our eye on the counter,
we’ll shoot our worst days
with vigilant hostility.
No one can see the future,
so it’s still a draw, right?
Bugs, losses,
slip-ups, everything.
With your bare hands, struggle!
Live through and overturn your situation.
Dan-dan-dan
I can’t surrender
to merely worthless things.
Get it? That’s my aesthetic.
This foolishly honest fist
is my one
(wholehearted)
trump card
(simple honesty)
Shouting this inferiority,
“I’m out!”
“Farewell!”
BRING IT ON
We’re not gonna quit!
Dun-dun-dun
I’m going to become an adult
and taste the bitterness
and sweetness
of the world, now.
A bright future where we cross paths again.
You understand
I’m not a child any longer, right?
Epochs and opportunities won’t wait around for me.
With your bare hands, at the risk of your life,
survive and bring it on!
It’s the era of love.
Well then, everyone. We’ll leave first.
Giga - BRING IT ON (Inferiority superiority)
Music, Arranged: Giga
Lyrics: Reol
Illust: △○□×
Movie: Okiku
Translation: 2bricacityTranslations